This Article discuss about: Car Loans
Personal loans

            
                 / 
            
            
        
            
            
Car loans & car finance
Car loans


Get on the road sooner with a CommBank Personal Loan.
Why choose us?
                    



                        Car options
                    



                        Electric vehicles (EVs)
                    



                        Resources
                    












Limited time offer

Save $250 with no establishment fee on Unsecured Fixed Rate Personal Loans
Available only on Unsecured Fixed Rate Personal Loans when you apply and fund between 1 March 2024 and 30 April 2024~.














Why Choose CommBank for your next car?








Competitive interest rates


Know you’re getting a personalised rate that’s right for your circumstances.









Discounted rate for an EV & hybrid


Get our lowest rate of 6.49% p.a. (7.90% p.a. comparison rate) when you take out a Secured Personal Loan for an eligible electric vehicle.1









Borrow what you need


Up to $50,000 for unsecured personal loans, and $100,000 if you use your car as security.














I would like my next car to be a...








New car


For new cars (or used cars less than seven years old).


Car loans for new cars







Used car


For any used car.


Car loans for used cars







Electric vehicle


For electric or hybrid vehicles.


Car loans for electric or hybrid vehicles








Looking for a vehicle for business use?

Check out some options we have for business car and equipment finance
Features and benefits:

Choice of terms from three to five years
Fixed rates and repayments
Fast and simple application process


Tell me about business car and equipment finance















Considering an EV for your next vehicle?

Here are some reasons you may want to consider an electric vehicle for your next car. Find out more about EVs.








Lower ongoing running costs


You could benefit from an estimated annual saving of $1,300 to $1,700 from the lower operational costs of running an EV.2










Charging infrastructure is rapidly developing


There are more than 2,300 charging sites nationwide3, and Australian states and territories have committed over $200m to roll out additional charging sites across Australia.2









EVs are becoming more accessible and affordable


There are models you can now purchase for less than $50,000^, which means you can go electric for less than $176 per week#. Government rebates are also becoming more common2, and home charging units are getting faster and smarter.*









Be a part of the change


Join the transition in reaching net-zero emissions for all new vehicles. One in Six customers financing a new car with CBA choose an EV.
















Some resources to help you get started
 






How much can I borrow?
Estimate how much you can borrow and work out the repayments at the current interest rate.

Use our borrowing calculator




Repayments calculator
Understand what your repayments will be. Adjust the term and the amount to meet your budget.

Use repayments calculator




Help me choose
Use our personal loan selector tool to choose between Variable, Fixed Rate or Secured.

Use our selector tool












How much does it cost to run an electric vehicle?

Use our comparison tool to see the estimated running costs, emissions and vehicle prices of an EV compared to a petrol, diesel or hybrid vehicle.

Get started














Some other resources to help you with your car buying journey








How to use a personal loan to buy a car




Read article












The costs of owning a car




Read article









A checklist for buying your first car




Read article
Things you should know
 






This guide doesn’t consider your individual objectives, financial situation or needs. Before basing any decisions on this information, please consider:

its appropriateness to your circumstances
obtaining professional advice specific to your needs, including financial, taxation and legal advice

~ Apply and fund an Unsecured Fixed Rate Personal Loan between 01 March 2024 and 30 April 2024 to save $250 on the establishment fee (comparison rate calculations are inclusive of this offer).
1 Eligible vehicles must be fully electric, or hybrids emitting less than 120g C02 emissions per kilometre. If you're using the car as security it must be no more than seven years old, not currently under finance and have an active comprehensive insurance policy. The comprehensive insurance policy must be organised prior to loan funding.
2 See Commbank Sustainable Economics report published 3 July 2023.
3 The Australian National Electric Vehicle Strategy page 14.
^ See report from the “Electric Vehicle Council: State of Electric Vehicles”, pages 63-67, published on July 2023.
# $176 weekly repayment is calculated on an example of a $50,000 green secured loan over a term of seven years and our lowest rate of 6.49% p.a. (comparison rate 7.26% p.a.). This comparison rate is true only for the examples given and may not include all fees and charges. Different terms, fees or other loan amounts might result in a different comparison rate.
* See article by EVNex: “The Best Electric Vehicle Charger for your home”, published on 12 December 2022.
Applications for finance are subject to the Bank’s normal credit approval. View the Personal Loan Terms and Conditions. Full terms and conditions will be included in our loan offer. Fees and charges payable. Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124. Australian credit licence 234945.
