This Article discuss about: Commonwealth Bank of Australia
Commonwealth Bank of Australia
Who we are
                    

                        Leadership and Governance
                    

                        Investors
                    

                        Sustainability
                    

                        Newsroom
                    

                        Careers
                    

Who we are

 
We are guided by our purpose – building a brighter future for all.
Our strategy, to build tomorrow's bank today for our customers, reflects our commitment to use the strength of CBA to support our customers, invest in our communities and provide strength and stability for the broader economy.
We are one of the leading banks in Australia, serving more than 17 million customers. We focus on providing retail and commercial banking services predominantly in Australia, and in New Zealand through our subsidiary, ASB.
Our products and services are provided through our divisions, Retail Banking Services, Business Banking, Institutional Banking and Markets, and ASB New Zealand.
Learn more about our history and international locations
 


Our customers

Our strategy to build tomorrow’s bank today for our customers is centred on improving customers’ experience and solving their unmet needs.
We aim to be the trusted financial partner in the lives of our customers. By creating strong relationships and prioritising our customers, we provide engaging and relevant customer experiences.
Our Board, people and suppliers come to work each day to build a brighter future for all. Our Code of Conduct guides our decision-making to ensure we provide better outcomes for our customers and reflect their expectations of us.


Your Customer Advocate
The Customer Advocate and Community and Customer Advocacy team are here to make sure our customers are treated fairly. They work independently within CBA to improve our products, systems and processes.
Find out more about the Customer Advocate


Leadership and Corporate Governance


Board of Directors
The CBA Board comprises independent, skilled and diverse members, who ensure sound and prudent management of CommBank and the effective delivery of our purpose.

Meet our Board


Executive Leadership Team
Our executive team ensures the business achieves profitable growth and supports and encourages employees.

Meet our Team


Corporate governance
Strong corporate governance ensures we maintain the highest professional standards and act with integrity in our operations.

Learn more about CBA's corporate governance


Investors

Visit our Investor centre for information on our securities, financial results, announcements, sustainability reporting, and other disclosures.

Find out more


Sustainability


Sustainability at CBA


We have an important role to play in creating a brighter future for all.


Learn more about our approach to sustainability


Reporting


To provide transparency for all our stakeholders, we report on a range of customer, environmental, social and governance matters.


See our reporting suite


Policies and practices


We continue to embed environmental and social matters into our strategy by focusing on sustainable practices, policies and outcomes.


See our policies and practices


Newsroom

The latest media releases, our 'on the record' positions, executive speeches and Bank stories.

Read more


Careers


Working at CommBank
 
 


We really love working here, and we think you will too. Find out why a career at CommBank could be perfect for you.
Discover CommBank careers


Early Careers


Applications for our 2025 Graduate Program are now closed. Applications for our 2024/25 Summer Intern Program will open in June or July. You can view and apply for other roles here. 


Search and apply now


Rewards & benefits


A career at CommBank offers everything from flexible working and financial wellbeing to health, lifestyle and community opportunities.
Explore our rewards and benefits


Job search & apply


Discover where a career at CommBank could lead you.

Search now
We're here to help


Contact us
Message us in the CommBank app or call to connect to the right help.


Message us
Get instant help from our virtual assistant or connect to a specialist.


FAQs
Search support and our most frequently asked questions.


Find a branch
Find a branch, ATM or specialist near you.
