This Article discuss about: Disputing a transaction
CommBank support

            
                 / 
            
            
Disputing a transaction
Disputing a transaction


Is there a transaction on your debit card, credit card or Travel Money Card that you don’t recognise? Unauthorised digital fraud or scam transaction? Or an issue with something you’ve purchased? Here's what to do.
Disputes checklist
                    

                        How to raise a dispute
                    

                        Getting a resolution
                    

                        Tools & support
                    

The process at a glance


Check that the transaction can be disputed
Prepare supporting documents
Raise a dispute to investigate the charge
Get a resolution and your account credited if your dispute is successful

You’ll need to contact us as soon as you decide to raise a dispute. If you take too long to raise a dispute from the date the transaction occurred, we may lose any chargeback rights we have under Mastercard, VISA and eftpos scheme rules.1
If the transaction appears as pending on your account, we’ll investigate your dispute when the transaction has fully processed.


Learn more about disputing a pending transaction


The process at a glance


Check that the transaction can be disputed
Prepare supporting documents
Raise a dispute to investigate the charge
Get a resolution and your account credited if your dispute is successful

You’ll need to contact us as soon as you decide to raise a dispute. If you take too long to raise a dispute from the date the transaction occurred, we may lose any chargeback rights we have under Mastercard, VISA and eftpos scheme rules.1
If the transaction appears as pending on your account, we’ll investigate your dispute when the transaction has fully processed.


Learn more about disputing a pending transaction


Dispute checklist


                            I don’t recognise the transaction
                            

To determine if there’s an unauthorised or fraudulent transaction on your account, first check:

Was the purchase made by a family member or any other cardholder authorised to use the account?
Could the merchant be trading under a different name?
Was the transaction made in a foreign currency and converted into Australian dollars?
Is the transaction a regular membership, subscription fee or app download?

To review in more detail, click on the transaction in the CommBank app or NetBank, as it may be under a different date/time or business name. You can also ‘ask about this transaction’ using Ceba who can see if similar transactions have been made on your account and guide you. 


                            I have an issue with something I’ve purchased
                            

You may be able to raise a dispute with us if;

You’ve been charged multiple times for the same purchase
You were charged the wrong amount for your purchase
You didn’t receive the goods and/or services you paid for
The goods and/or services you paid for weren’t as described, or defective

However, a dispute cannot be raised for the following issues, and only the business can resolve:

Refunds or exchanges if you change your mind
Membership or monthly subscription enquiries
Issues with software you've downloaded


                            Should I contact the merchant?
                            

For any of the above issues, it’s useful to get in contact with the merchant you purchased from and document the discussion, as this can help us address your dispute faster.
You should also gather receipts, photographs of the item if it’s not as described, and the business’ contact details, as we may ask you for supporting documentation. 


                            How can I keep my accounts safe in the meantime?
                            

For extra control and security, put a temporary lock on your debit card or credit card. For Corporate Cards, you can contact 13 1576 to temporarily block or permanently stop your card account.

To continue making payments, if you have an Everyday Account, you can use Cardless Cash in the CommBank app to make ATM cash withdrawals. And if you’re already set up with a digital wallet, you can still use your phone to make payments more securely.2


How to raise a dispute


If you still don’t recognise the transaction and want to raise a dispute, here's how to contact us:

For debit cards, credit cards and unauthorised transactions – Message us in the CommBank app to quickly get connected to the right help. Don’t have the app3? Download it now or contact us to raise a dispute

For Travel money cards – Complete and send us a dispute form


What happens when you contact us

If any disputed transactions are still pending, we’ll wait for these to be fully processed before we can start investigating your dispute. It generally takes 3 to 5 business days to process a transaction, although it can take up to 10 business days.4
For unauthorised transactions, we'll have to cancel your card to protect your account from further fraudulent activity and send you a new one. Since we’re cancelling your card, you may need to review any scheduled payments and organise to have them paid from a different account
For unauthorised transactions relating to digital fraud and scams, we’ll have to lock your NetBank to protect your account from further fraudulent activity. Please visit our digital fraud and scam pages for more information. 

 


Message us 24/7

Get instant help from Ceba in the CommBank app or connect with a specialist who can message you back. You’ll need CommBank app notifications turned on so you know when you’ve received a reply. 

Message us


Getting a resolution


We’ll keep you updated
Once you’ve contacted us to raise a dispute, you can expect the following from us:

We’ll work hard to resolve your issue as quickly as possible
We'll either send you a letter or email confirming the outcome of our investigation
If you have the CommBank app, you’ll receive notifications about your dispute


How long will it take?
In addition to the time taken for any pending transactions to be processed so we can initiate a dispute:

Quick decision (3 business days) – We endeavour to resolve most disputes within 3 business days, which is when you should see the money back in your account if your dispute is successful
Further investigation (21 calendar days) – How long it takes to resolve a dispute depends on the complexity of the dispute and whether a merchant decides to challenge your claim. Some dispute investigations can take 21 calendar days, and we’ll contact you if it is any longer5


Resolution of your dispute 

If successful, we'll credit the account your dispute was raised from. If that’s closed, we’ll ask you for the details of an alternative account.
The credit will appear as at the date the disputed transaction was processed. For example, if it was in pending and then processed on 5 February, your credit will appear as at 5 February, not the date you raised the dispute with us or the date your dispute was resolved.
We reserve the right to reverse a refund on reasonable grounds; for example, if the merchant provides sufficient evidence that you should be liable for the transaction, or if we identify you’ve received a duplicate refund. We’ll notify you in writing after we have reverse the funds, which can happen up to 45 calendar days after you receive your refund. If reversing these funds causes you hardship, please contact us.


Support


Tools  

Lock, block, limit your credit card
Lock, block your debit card
Change your PIN

Cardless Cash

For Corporate Card queries, contact your local banker or call 13 1998.


Guidance

Protect yourself online
Tips for keeping your credit and debit card secure 

What to do if your wallet is lost or stolen


Protection for unauthorised transactions

We’ll protect you from losses due to unauthorised transactions on personal and business accounts when you take the necessary steps to stay safe online.
We're here to help


Contact us
Message us in the CommBank app or call to connect to the right help.


Message us
Get instant help from our virtual assistant or connect to a specialist.


FAQs
Search support and our most frequently asked questions.


Find a branch
Find a branch, ATM or specialist near you.


Things you should know


1 This doesn’t apply to an unauthorised transaction that’s regulated by the ePayments Code.
2 Digital and mobile wallets (e.g. CBA Tap & Pay, Apple Pay) allow you to make payments with your digital device while hiding your card info from stores and merchants. Adding your card to a digital wallet encrypts the card number replacing it with a token number instead. This means your card isn’t stored on the device or ever shared with you when you process your payment.
3 The CommBank app is free to download however your mobile network provider charges you for accessing data on your phone. You should refer to your mobile phone plan or contact your provider to find out more. Terms and conditions are available on the CommBank app. NetBank access with NetCode SMS required. Find out about the minimum operating requirements on the CommBank app page. 
4 Some transactions may take longer than 10 business days to process, but this is rare.
5 In exceptional circumstances disputes can take up to 45 calendar days to resolve.
