Banking

            
                 / 
            
            
Everyday accounts
Everyday accounts


Everyday account for everyone
Our Smart Access account comes with a Debit Mastercard you can use for shopping in-store and online. Plus, pay no monthly account fee if you're under 30 or deposit at least $2,000 each month or meet other conditions.1


Open now


Close
×


Already a CommBank customer?

Save time by using NetBank.
Don’t have NetBank? Register now.

Open in NetBank


                        or
                    

New CommBank customer?

Open now


Find out more
Other bank account options if you're:


                    A tertiary student or apprentice
                

                    Moving to Australia
                

                    A retiree aged 55 or over, or a pensioner
                

                    A parent or guardian of a child under 14
                

                    A concession card holder
                

                    Running a business
                

Other options


Travel Money Card
Load up to 13 foreign currencies for instant access to your cash. Use it to withdraw cash at ATMs or over-the-counter, or to pay in-store, online, or over the phone.


More about Travel Money Card


Overdrafts
Our personal overdrafts help you to manage your cash flow by giving you access to extra money when you need it (up to a certain limit).

More about Personal Overdrafts


Our bank account features


Access your digital Debit Mastercard instantly so you can start shopping before your physical card arrives
Shop now, pay later with Klarna
Check what, where and how much you're spending with Spend Tracker2
Use Apple Pay or CommBank Tap & Pay to pay with your included Debit Mastercard
Know when you pay or get paid with Transaction Notifications2

Transfer between accounts and set automatic payments
Make easy, regular recurring payments using Direct Debits
Manage payments from your bank account using PayTo
See, track and pay bills or pay back friends
Lock, Block, Alert for your Debit Mastercard

Use the Overdraw feature to avoid missing those important payments

We’ll protect you from losses due to unauthorised transactions on personal and business accounts when you take the necessary steps to stay safe online.


Already bank with us?


Get help with your everyday account

Activate your card

How to use Cardless Cash
Travelling with your card
Lost, stolen, damaged cards


Do more with your money

Smarter ways to spend your pay 
Step-by-step guide to creating a budget

How to build an emergency fund
Different ways to save
We're here to help


Contact us
Message us in the CommBank app or call to connect to the right help.


Message us
Get instant help from our virtual assistant or connect to a specialist.


FAQs
Search support and our most frequently asked questions.


Find a branch
Find a branch, ATM or specialist near you.


Things you should know


1 Monthly account fee waived for accounts with at least $2,000 deposited each calendar month (excludes Bank initiated transactions). A monthly account fee waiver will also apply if you’re under 30 years of age. You may also be eligible for a different monthly account fee exemption if you have an aged, disability or war veterans’ pension deposited in your account, have a balance of $50,000 or more in eligible contributing accounts, are reliant on over the counter services because of a disability or have an eligible home loan. Find out more about rates and fees.
2 Not available on Pensioner Security Accounts and Business Transaction Accounts.


The target market for these products will be found within the product’s Target Market Determination, available here.
The advice on this website has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs. Because of that, you should, before acting on the advice, consider its appropriateness to your circumstances. Please view our Financial Services Guide (PDF 60KB). View the full terms and conditions for the transaction and savings accounts mentioned (PDF 660KB) or from any branch of the Commonwealth Bank.

Full terms and conditions of the CommBank app are available on the app. The CommBank app is free to download however your mobile network provider charges you for accessing data on your phone. Find out about the minimum operating system requirements on the CommBank app page.
