This Article discuss about: Fixed Rate Personal Loans
Personal loans

            
                 / 
            
            
Fixed Rate personal loan
Fixed Rate Personal Loans


Take control of your next step with a flexible personal loan that puts you in charge.
Features & benefits
                    

                        Go Green
                    

                        Rates & fees
                    

                        How to apply
                    

                        Tools & calculators
                    

Apply now


Close
×


Already a customer banking online with us?

Save time by using your NetBank details.

Apply in NetBank


                        or
                    

New customer or don't bank online with us?

Apply now


Limited time offer

Save $250 with no establishment fee on Unsecured Fixed Rate Personal Loans
Available only on Unsecured Fixed Rate Personal Loans when you apply and fund between 1 March 2024 and 30 April 2024~.


Why choose a CommBank Fixed Rate Personal Loan?


Enjoy certainty & control


Receive a fixed interest rate over the life of your loan. Know exactly how much your repayments will be.


Competitive interest rates


Know you’re getting a personalised rate that suits your financial situation.


Applying is quick & easy


Complete the online application in about 15 minutes, with a response in as little as 60 seconds. Receive the funds on the same day you apply (if eligible).2


Features & benefits


A loan amount that works for you
Choose a loan amount from $4,000 to $50,000 to buy a car, consolidate your debts, take a holiday or for your other goals.


Flexible repayment options
Select a repayment frequency to suit you – weekly, fortnightly or monthly from one to seven years. You can also make additional repayments of up to $1,000 per year.1


Manage your loan anywhere, anytime
Easily make repayments and track your loan in NetBank and the CommBank app.


All the ways you can use a CommBank Fixed Rate Personal Loan


Car


Buy your dream car, whether it’s new or used


Find out more


Electric vehicle


Cover your electric vehicle and charging station needs


Find out more


Debt consolidation


Streamline your finances and better manage your debt


Find out more


Home improvement


Design your dream home, whether you’re looking to renovate or redecorate


Find out more


Solar & battery


Go green with solar panels and battery packs


Find out more


Travel


Cover your travel costs when you’re planning your dream getaway


Find out more


Education


Invest in your future and cover your education expenses


Find out more


Other goals


Wedding, baby, medical expenses or other personal investments


Live sustainably with an Unsecured Fixed Rate Loan

Thinking about buying an electric car or solar panels? 
We’ll help you go green with a lower rate of 7.50% p.a. for eligible sustainable purchases. Comparison rate is 8.54% p.a.

Discover green discounts


Rates & fees


Rates


Rate type


Interest rate


Fixed rate


Range: 8.50% p.a.3 to 20.50% p.a.
Representative rate: 16.00%4 p.a.


Lower fixed rate for eligible sustainable purchases


7.50% p.a.**


Comparison rate*


Range: 9.53% p.a.3 to 21.39% p.a.
Representative rate: 16.94%4 p.a.


Comparison rate on eligible sustainable purchases*


8.54% p.a.


Things you should know
Interest and comparison rate warning
Your interest rate may be different and is based on a number of factors, including your credit history, the information you provide and our assessment of your application. We'll confirm your interest rate upon submission of your application.
* The comparison rate is based on a $30,000 unsecured fixed rate loan over 5 years. WARNING: This comparison rate applies only to the example or examples given. Different amounts and terms will result in different comparison rates. Costs such as redraw fees or early repayment fees, and cost savings such as fee waivers, are not included in the comparison rate but may influence the cost of the loan.
** Eligibility criteria, terms and conditions apply. To find out more read our Go Green with a Personal Loan guide.


Fees


Fee type


Definition


Amount


Establishment fee


Upfront cost payable when accepting a loan


$0 (save $250)


Loan service fee


Monthly charge to cover costs of keeping account active


$15 per month


An upfront fee of $0 (save $250) and ongoing monthly fee of $15 will apply - consider these fees when deciding whether this loan suits your needs. Some additional fees, including a late-payment fee and other electronic banking fees, may also apply. See more


How to apply

Apply online and get a response within 60 seconds. 
Alternatively, call us on 13 1431 8am to 7pm, Monday to Friday and 9am to 2pm on Saturday (Sydney/Melbourne time) or visit your local branch.


Apply now


Close
×


Already a customer banking online with us?

Save time by using your NetBank details

Apply in NetBank


                        or
                    

New customer or don't bank online with us?

Apply now


1. Explore


Tell us what you want the loan for and explore your loan and repayment options.


2. About you


Tell us about you and your finances.


3. Review and submit online


Once we have your application we'll give you a response within 60 seconds.


4. Funding your loan


If you're approved, accept your contract and upload required supporting docs. New customers may need to visit a branch for an ID check.


Not sure which personal loan is right for you?


Compare


Tools & calculators


Help me choose
Use our personal loan selector tool to choose between Variable, Fixed Rate or Secured.

Use selector


Repayments calculator
Understand what your repayments will be. Adjust the term and the amount to meet your budget.

Calculate now


How much can I borrow?
Estimate how much you can borrow and work out the repayments at the current interest rate.

Calculate now


5 reasons people take out a personal loan


Keep reading


How to use a personal loan to buy a car


Keep reading


Tips for getting your personal loan approved


Keep reading


Message us 24/7

Get instant help from Ceba in the CommBank app or connect with a specialist who can message you back. You’ll need CommBank app notifications turned on so you know when you’ve received a reply. 

Message us
We're here to help


Contact us
Message us in the CommBank app or call to connect to the right help.


Message us
Get instant help from our virtual assistant or connect to a specialist.


FAQs
Search support and our most frequently asked questions.


Find a branch
Find a branch, ATM or specialist near you.


Things you should know


This guide doesn’t consider your individual objectives, financial situation or needs. Before basing any decisions on this information, please consider:

its appropriateness to your circumstances.
obtaining professional advice specific to your needs, including financial, taxation and legal advice.


~ Apply and fund an Unsecured Fixed Rate Personal Loan between 1 March 2024 and 30 April 2024 to save $250 on the establishment fee (comparison rate calculations are inclusive of this offer).
1 Additional repayments made on a Fixed Rate Loan are not available to be redrawn.

2 You may be eligible for same day funding if you’re approved, accept your contract and complete verification by 4pm Monday to Friday (Sydney/Melbourne time). Subject to credit checks and assessment of your financial situation. Unavailable if an application is incomplete or needs to be referred for a more detailed review by a lending specialist, if required documentation isn’t provided and subject to system availability.
Applications for finance are subject to the Bank’s normal credit approval. View the Personal Loan Terms and Conditions. Full terms and conditions will be included in our loan offer. Fees and charges are payable.
Following the fixed rate period, if your loan hasn’t been repaid in full, the Standard Variable Rate will apply which is currently 16.00% p.a. This interest rate is effective as of 1 March 2024.
Unsecured Fixed Rate Personal Loan interest rate ranges and the representative rate are set out below. Comparison rates and examples are based on a $30,000 unsecured fixed rate loan over 5 years:

Interest rates range from 8.50%3 p.a. to 20.50% p.a. (comparison rate from 9.53% p.a. to 21.39% p.a.). The estimated total amount payable including fees is between $37,830 and $49,091
The representative rate is 16.00%4 p.a. (16.94% p.a. comparison Rate), based on this representative rate the estimated total amount payable including fees is $44,673

3 Interest rates at the lower end of our range, for example 8.50% p.a. (comparison rate 9.53% p.a.), may be offered to customers with an excellent credit history.
An excellent credit history is determined by, among other things, paying your bills and making loan repayments on or ahead of time, being disciplined with your credit applications, and not overextending yourself financially.
4 At least half of our customers will receive the representative rate or lower. It may not be the actual rate you receive.
WARNING: This comparison rate applies only to the example or examples given. Different amounts and terms will result in different comparison rates. Costs such as redraw fees or early repayment fees, and cost savings such as fee waivers, are not included in the comparison rate but may influence the cost of the loan.
