This Article discuss about: GoalSaver
Banking

            
                 / 
            
            
GoalSaver
GoalSaver


Be rewarded with a variable bonus rate for saving regularly each month.
Features & benefits
                    

                        Interest rates & fees
                    

                        How to apply
                    

                        Link your account
                    

                        Tools & support
                    

Open online now


Close
×


Already a customer banking online with us?

Save time by using your NetBank details.


Open in NetBank


                        or
                    

New customer or don't bank online with us?

Open now


Features & benefits


Bonus interest, now even easier to earn
Earn bonus interest when you grow your savings balance each calendar month (excluding interest and transactions initiated by the Bank).


Tools to help you save
See how much you can save with our savings calculator, set up regular automatic transfers to keep you on-track, and set a savings goal in the CommBank app with Goal Tracker.1


Protection for unauthorised transactions
We’ll protect you from losses due to unauthorised transactions on personal and business accounts when you take the necessary steps to stay safe online. 


Instant access
Instantly access your savings and check how you’re tracking with your savings goals from the CommBank app, NetBank or at your nearest branch.


Interest rates


        Balance

    
        Standard Variable Rate2


Bonus Variable Interest3


        With Bonus Interest

    
Balances less than $50,000


0.40% p.a.


4.50% p.a.


4.90% p.a.


Balances between $50,000 - $249,999


0.40% p.a.


4.50% p.a.


4.90% p.a.


Balances between $250,000 - $999,999


0.40% p.a.


4.50% p.a.


4.90% p.a.


Balances $1,000,000 and over


0.40% p.a.


4.50% p.a.


4.90% p.a.


One bonus interest rate applies to your entire balance. The interest rate depends on your account balance. 

Interest calculated daily and paid monthly
The standard variable rate of 0.40% p.a. will apply if the bonus interest conditions aren't met

How to qualify for bonus interest

Make at least one deposit of any amount into your account in the calendar month; and 
Have a higher account balance at the end of the calendar month than at the start of the calendar month. If you withdraw from your account, deposit more money than you withdrew in the calendar month. 

For bonus interest eligibility purposes, transactions initiated by the Bank are excluded, such as:  

Interest paid into your account do not count as deposits;
Bank or government fees and charges on this account do not count as withdrawals.


Fees


Fee


Fee AUD


Description


Monthly account fee


$0


No monthly fees


Paper statement fee


$2.50


A fee charged when you ask us to give you an additional account statement outside the standard cycle


Transaction listing and ad-hoc paper statement fee


$2.50


A fee charged when you ask us to give you  a paper copy of transaction listing, past statement or ordered statements


Assisted withdrawal fee


$3.00


A fee charged when you take money out:

At a CommBank Branch, agency or through telephone banking
Cheques written by you and negotiated through the clearing system
By cashing a cheque4


It's simple to apply


You can open an account online if you:

Are 18 years or older
Are opening the account in your name only for personal use. 

There’s no minimum balance to open this account. 
Already registered for NetBank? You may also need your NetBank Client Number.
You can open online now or visit your nearest branch.


You’ll need:

An Australian residential address
Tax File Number (TFN) or TFN Exemption. You don’t have to provide your TFN to open the account, but if you don't CommBank is legally required to deduct tax from any interest earned on the account above a certain threshold

We’ll also ask you about your tax residency (a Government requirement). Here’s why.
For joint accounts:

To open a joint account, please visit your nearest branch together


Link to your everyday account


Access your money effortlessly by linking your GoalSaver to our Everyday Smart Access account. Then supercharge your savings with recurring payments from the CommBank app or NetBank.

Download the CommBank app:


Tools & support


Tools & calculators


Compare our savings accounts
Savings calculator
Budget planner


Guidance

How to get into a savings habit

Saving as a couple 
How to build an emergency fund


FAQs

What interest did I earn last financial year?

How can I check my Tax File Number (TFN) status on my accounts?

How do I cancel a regular payment?


See all bank account FAQs
We're here to help


Contact us
Message us in the CommBank app or call to connect to the right help.


Message us
Get instant help from our virtual assistant or connect to a specialist.


FAQs
Search support and our most frequently asked questions.


Find a branch
Find a branch, ATM or specialist near you.


Things you should know


1 Requires a GoalSaver or NetBank Saver in your name only.

2 These rates are current as at 17 November 2023 but are subject to change at the Bank’s discretion.

3 One bonus interest rate applies to your entire balance. The interest rate depends on your account balance.
4 Every staff-assisted withdrawal you make will be charged $3 each. You may be eligible for 2 fee-free assisted withdrawals if you have an Australian Age, Service or Disability pension credited directly into the account.


The target market for these products will be found within the product’s Target Market Determination, available here.
Applications for accounts where funds are held in trust cannot be accepted online. If you wish to open a trust account, please apply at any branch. 
The information on this website has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs. Because of that, you should, before acting on the information, consider its appropriateness to your circumstances. Please view our Financial Services Guide (PDF 60KB). Full terms and conditions for the transaction and savings accounts mentioned are available here (PDF 660KB) or from any branch of the Commonwealth Bank.
See the CommBank app minimum operating system requirements on the CommBank app page. NetBank access with NetCode SMS is required. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play and Android are trademarks of Google Inc.
