This Article discuss about: Helpful ways to offset the rising cost of living
CommBank support

            
                 / 
            
            
                Financial support

            
                 / 
            
            
Cost of living
Helpful ways to offset the rising cost of living


Discover a range of tools, tips and financial support options to help you with the everyday cost of living.
Money management tools
                    

                        Financial support
                    

                        Cost of living tips
                    

                        For small business
                    

                        Discounts, deals & benefits
                    

                        Other resources
                    

Money management tools

Easy to use money management tools to help you stay on top of your finances.  


Keep track of your spending & saving


Stay on top of your bills, set savings goals and more – all in one place.


Discover Money Plan


Stay in control of your bills


Predict bills and manage your regular payments and subscriptions in the CommBank app.


Get started with Bill Sense


Track your spending habits


Categorise your spending and see where your money is going.


Start tracking your spending


Budget & save


Reach your money goals with our range of savings tools and tips.


Learn to budget and save


Identify potential spare cash


Have potential spare cash predicted and identified each pay cycle so you can grow your savings.


Discover Smart Savings


Find the latest government grants or rebates you may be able to claim

Answer a few simple questions in NetBank or the CommBank app and we’ll help you find grants, rebates and concessions you may be eligible to claim. 

Try Benefits Finder


Financial support to help manage your loan repayments

If you’re experiencing temporary financial difficulty or if your circumstances have changed, get in touch with us early for help. We’ll work with you on a personalised basis to find solutions to help manage your loan. 


Support for home loan customers


Home loan support options are available for eligible customers. Take a look at our range of options to help with your repayments.


More about home loan support


Credit card & personal loan support


If you're finding it hard to keep up with credit card or personal loan repayments, see how we can help. 


Get support


Are you experiencing financial difficulty?


Get help


Cost of living tips

Hear tips1 from our Personal Finance Expert, Jess Irvine, that may help you with the rising cost of living. 


3 ways to budget your money


How to get help if you’re struggling with the rising cost of living


5 ways to combat the rising cost of living


5 ways to cut your grocery bills


Lower costs on insurance


There are a few things you can do to bring costs down on your car, home, health and/or life insurance including:

Adjusting your excess to reduce your premium 
Review your optional cover inclusions and remove any you don’t need 
Update the agreed value of your car
Review your building and contents sum insured with the Building Calculator and Contents Calculator
Check out our car insurance comparison tool
You can also choose to pay your home and car insurance monthly with no additional premium


Have a small business? 

We know you have unique needs as a small business owner. We have a range of support options and exclusive offers for business. 


Prepare your business for interest rate rises


Learn how a changing rate environment could impact your business and tips to prepare. 


Business rate rise support


Track your cashflow


See a monthly summary of your incoming and outgoing cash flow on eligible business accounts, at a glance. 


Explore Business cash flow view


Stay in control with Smart Alerts


Set alerts in the CommBank app or NetBank and we'll instantly tell you if your account balance is low, high, overdrawn or if you've just been paid. 


Explore Smart Alerts


Latest offers & deals

CommBank Yello Cashback Offers
Access exclusive shopping offers from your favourite brands.

Discover CommBank Yello Cashback Offers


Partner discounts & deals
Get more out of being a CommBank customer with great deals on nbnTM and phone plans (including exclusive discounts for business owners) and conveyancing services, as well as access to wholesale electricity prices.


See all partner offers


Customers with eligible health and life policies can utilise the AIA Vitality program to access exclusive shopping vouchers and discounts across a range of brands and gym memberships. 


Find out more about AIA Vitality


Other resources & support

There are a range of independent resources that can help you with managing cost of living expenses.


Community & independent resources


MoneySmart has a number of resources to help you with managing cost of living expenses.
The National Debt Helpline  is a not-for-profit service that can help you with debt. Access free, confidential financial counselling directly from their website or chat to a financial counsellor.
Way Forward is a not-for-profit organisation to assist with long-term financial difficulty and managing debts. If you have debts across multiple organisations and your circumstances are unlikely to change for some time, call Way Forward on 1300 045 502.
AskIzzy is a free and anonymous website that connects people in need with housing, a meal, money help, family violence support, counselling and much more. 


Find more support resources


Other community or government organisations


Uniting Care – Kildonan

ASIC MoneySmart
Australian Government Financial Information Services
Australian Government Crisis Payment


Latest articles & insights


Budgeting & money management


Tips for recovering from a financial setback 
Where to start with debt
Our guide to being ready for the unexpected
How to adjust your budget when you need to


For businesses


10 tips for managing your business' cash flow when rates rise
Ways to future-proof your business
How rising inflation and rates can impact your business


Message us in the CommBank app

If you're experiencing financial difficulty or need support with repayments, our virtual assistant can help you find answers or connect you to a specialist to discuss your options.

How to message us


Be aware of scammers who thrive in a cost of living crisis


While you’re thinking about how to cut spending or earn extra cash as costs of living continue to increase, scammers are thinking of ways to take advantage of the situation.

Tell me more
We're here to help


Contact us
Message us in the CommBank app or call to connect to the right help.


Message us
Get instant help from our virtual assistant or connect to a specialist.


FAQs
Search support and our most frequently asked questions.


Find a branch
Find a branch, ATM or specialist near you.


Things you should know


1This presentation is intended to provide general information of an educational nature only. As this advice has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs, you should, before acting on this advice, consider its appropriateness to your circumstances. Terms and conditions for the CommBank products and services mentioned should be considered before making any decisions. Applications for finance are subject to approval. Fees and charges may apply.
