This Article discuss about: International Money Transfers
Sending money overseas?


CommBank can make transferring money overseas fast, simple and secure.
International Money Transfers just got cheaper


When you send money overseas using NetBank or the CommBank app, we’ll waive the transfer fee. (excludes AUD to AUD).


Our international products and services


International Money Transfers


Send money quickly, easily and safely to more than 200 countries, using over 30 currencies. Your funds are secure because the transfer is made through the international banking system into your recipient’s bank account. You can send an International Money Transfer online in NetBank, with the CommBank app or in any branch.


Send money now in NetBank


International Money Transfers


Receive money from overseas straight into your CBA AUD or Foreign Currency Account. This can be done safely and easily by simply quoting our CommBank BIC/SWIFT code, your 14 digit account number and some personal details.
 


More about International Money Transfers


Foreign Currency Account


A tailored solution for those who regularly send money overseas or need to hold savings in another currency. You can choose from major global currencies and convert them when it suits you.


About Foreign Currency Accounts


International payments information guide


This information guide will help you to understand a wide range of international payment services we offer, and provide you with details about our services.

International payments information guide (PDF)


Tools and calculators

Convert currency with our FX calculator
Check foreign exchange rates


Going on holidays?
We've got all the information you need. From saving for a holiday, travelling on a budget and managing your money, our tips can help make your trip memorable for all the right reasons.

Travel checklist


Moving to Australia?
Whether you’re moving to Australia to live, work or study, we can help make your move easier. Open an account before you arrive and you’ll get your bank account details straight away.

How to open an account


Check currency rates


Currency


Rates are expressed as 1 AUD and current as at #keytimestamp_time# (Australian EST) on #keytimestamp_date# and do not include any fees. The advertised Retail Exchange Rate includes a margin.


AUD
To
VND


Currency
Code
Send IMT
Receive IMT
Load currency to TMC
Unload currency from TMC
Get foreign cash
Change foreign cash
We can help


Your questions answered


Contact us


Visit your nearest branch


Things you should know


The target market for this product will be found within the product’s Target Market Determination, available here.
