This Article discuss about: Premier Banking
Banking

            
                 / 
            
            
                Premier and Private Banking

            
                 / 
            
            
Premier Banking
Team up with Premier Banking


Together we can develop a plan of action and support you every step of the way as you grow your wealth.


Contact Premier Banking


Close
×


Already have a Premier Banking Relationship Manager?

Find their details now


                        or
                    

Not with Premier Banking?

If you have an income of between $150,000 and $400,000 or are intending to borrow or invest over $850,000 you may be eligible. 

Request a callback
Working together to grow your wealth


Premier Banking may be right for you if you’re looking to grow your wealth and

you have an income of between $150,000 and $400,000 or
you’re intending to borrow or invest over $850,000

If you meet these requirements, request a callback to see if Premier Banking could meet your needs, and you could soon be enjoying one-to-one support from your dedicated Relationship Manager.


What your dedicated Relationship Manager can do for you


Support. Every step of the way.
Partner with a dedicated Relationship Manager to strengthen your financial position and identify opportunities for financial growth.
Sometimes it’s easier to chat over the phone or by email, other times it’s better in person. You tell us what works best for you.


Personalised service. Keeping you on track.
Your Relationship Manager will regularly review your financial situation, keeping you on track to reach your goals.
Importantly, your Relationship Manager can help with any of your lending needs, helping you expand your portfolio and introducing you to other specialists, including business banking specialists.


Easy banking. Whenever you need it.
Fast, easy access to the right tools and products to action your plan.
Staying connected, wherever you are in the world, is crucial. Your Relationship Manager will show you how you can keep an eye on your financial situation anywhere, using the CommBank app, NetBank and CommSec for share trading.


What to expect from us

Request a callback, at a time that’s convenient for you, to discover how you could partner up with your own Premier Banking Relationship Manager.
During that call we’ll discuss your current financial position and ask you about your financial goals.
If you’re looking to grow your wealth and have an income of between $150,000 and $400,000, Premier Banking may be right for you.
If you earn more, or are looking to invest or borrow over $2.5 million, then Commonwealth Private Banking may be better suited to you.
 

Request a Premier Banking callback


Need to get in touch with your Relationship Manager?


Find their details now
Things you should know


Premier Banking is available for selected clients only and is a specialist service within the Retail Banking Services division of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945 (the ‘Bank’) and its services are provided by Premier Banking Relationship Managers who are representatives of the Bank. Applications for finance are subject to credit approval. Fees and charges are payable. Terms and conditions or Product Disclosure Statements for our products are available and should be considered before making any decisions. Your enquiries on any share trading products or services will be referred to a specialist in Commonwealth Securities Limited ABN 60 067 254 399 AFSL 238814 (CommSec). CommSec is a wholly owned but non-guaranteed subsidiary of the Bank.
