This Article discuss about: Premier and Private Banking
Banking

            
                 / 
            
            
Premier and Private Banking
Premier and Private Banking


Take your finances to the next level with expert advice from a dedicated Premier Relationship Manager or Private Banker.
Choose which team is right for you


Premier Banking
If you’re looking to grow your wealth and have an income of over $150,000 or you’re intending to borrow or invest over $850,000, Premier Banking may be right for you.
A dedicated Relationship Manager will work with you to help protect and grow your wealth.

Helping you identify investment opportunities including meeting all your home lending needs plus introducing you to experts who can help expand your portfolio
Assisting you with day-to-day financial management
Sharing latest market insights and research


Discover more


Private Banking
At Commonwealth Private we understand that the measures of success are different for every individual. As a client of Commonwealth Private you can look forward to outstanding service, advice and opportunities tailored to your goals and needs.
If you have an annual household income in excess of $450,000 and the intent to invest or borrow $2.5 million or more, contact us to have a confidential discussion about your needs.
Success is personal. Your banking should be too.

Discover more
Things you should know


This information has been prepared by Commonwealth Private Limited ABN 30 125 238 039 AFSL 314018, a wholly owned but non-guaranteed subsidiary of Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945. Commonwealth Private’s services are provided by a team consisting of Private Bankers who are representatives of Commonwealth Bank and Private Wealth Managers who are representatives of Commonwealth Private Limited. Commonwealth Private Limited Financial Services Guide.
Premier Banking is available for selected clients only and is a specialist service within the Retail Banking Services division of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945 (the ‘Bank’) and its services are provided by Premier Banking Relationship Managers who are representatives of the Bank. Applications for finance are subject to credit approval. Fees and charges are payable. Terms and conditions or Product Disclosure Statements for our products are available and should be considered before making any decisions. Your enquiries on any share trading products or services will be referred to a specialist in Commonwealth Securities Limited ABN 60 067 254 399 AFSL 238814 (CommSec). CommSec is a wholly owned but non-guaranteed subsidiary of the Bank.
