Banking

            
                 / 
            
            
Smart Access Account for Youth
Smart Access Account for Youth


A transaction account for under 14s that’s best used with our Youthsaver account. It helps your child learn responsible spending habits, with the protection of parental controls.
Features & benefits
                    

                        How it works
                    

                        Who can apply?
                    

                        How to apply
                    

                        Support
                    

Features & benefits


Responsible spending

Children aged 9 years and over will have the option to receive a Debit Mastercard® so they can practice their budgeting skills and pay for things with their own money. You can set card locks and a weekly spend limit, so your child can learn with the protection of a safety net. 


Parental controls
In your own CommBank app, you can:

Keep an eye on your child's spending and saving
Change their weekly spend limit
Lock contactless card payments, online payments, or your child’s card completely at any time


Save on fees

$0 monthly account fee. No withdrawal fees when using CommBank or Bankwest ATMs. Every dollar your child earns can be put towards saving or spending.
Other fees may apply for transactions at non-CommBank ATMs and international transactions - see all rates, fees and fee exemptions.


How it works


Manage money, responsibly

Smart Access Account for Youth is best used with our Youthsaver account so your child can manage their own money, while working towards their savings goals.
Learning to budget with a Debit Mastercard®
Children aged 9 years and over will have the option to receive a Debit Mastercard if their account is opened online (a keycard can be requested if opened in a branch). Parents or legal guardians can adjust their child’s weekly spend limit, lock contactless and online payments, or the child’s card completely, at any time in their own CommBank app.


How it works


Manage money, responsibly

Smart Access Account for Youth is best used with our Youthsaver account so your child can manage their own money, while working towards their savings goals.
Learning to budget with a Debit Mastercard®
Children aged 9 years and over will have the option to receive a Debit Mastercard if their account is opened online (a keycard can be requested if opened in a branch). Parents or legal guardians can adjust their child’s weekly spend limit, lock contactless and online payments, or the child’s card completely, at any time in their own CommBank app.


Who can apply?


Under 14
Children under 14 will need a parent or legal guardian to open a Smart Access Account for Youth on their behalf.

14 or over
If you’re aged 14 or over, you can apply for an individual Everyday Account Smart Access yourself online or in-branch. 

Open now


Close
×


Already a CommBank customer?

Save time by using NetBank.
Don’t have NetBank? Register now.

Open in NetBank


                        or
                    

New CommBank customer?

Open now


Discover Everyday Account Smart Access


What you need to apply
Your child needs to have:

An Australian residential address
A birth certificate or passport
Tax residency information

Parents or legal guardians who don't already bank with us, will also need at least 1 form of ID e.g. Driver’s licence, Medicare card, passport or birth certificate. 
You'll need to provide ID for verification for yourself and your child within 20 days of opening the account or the account may automatically close. You can reapply at any CommBank branch. You’ll need to bring physical ID as we do not accept digital forms of ID.
We’ll also ask you about your child's tax residency (a Government requirement). Here’s why.


How to apply

There are 3 ways to open this account:


Online - new account


For children aged 9 to 13 who don’t already have a bank account
Open a Youthsaver account first, then add a Smart Access Account for Youth. You can pay your child’s pocket money into their Smart Access Account for Youth and encourage them to save by transferring money into their Youthsaver account. Youthsaver offers bonus interest for reaching savings goals.


Open a Youthsaver account


Close
×


Already a customer banking online with us?

Save time by using your NetBank details.


Open in NetBank


                        or
                    

New customer or don't bank online with us?

Open now


Online - with an existing Youthsaver account


If your child’s already got a Youthsaver account and you can see that account in your NetBank, you can open a Smart Access Account for Youth online straight away by logging on to NetBank. 


Open in NetBank now


In-branch


You can open a Smart Access Account for Youth, with or without a Youthsaver account, at a branch.
We’ll need to check your ID (driver’s licence, Medicare card, passport or birth certificate) and your child’s ID (birth certificate or passport). 
We’ll also need to check your child’s birth certificate or a court order to identify you as their parent or legal guardian.


Find your nearest branch


Support


Tools 


Tips and videos for parents to teach children about money at The Beanstalk

Compare our savings accounts


Related Products

Youthsaver account (under 18s)
NetBank Saver account (14+)
Everyday Account Smart Access (14+)
Streamline Basic


Guidance

Should you give your children pocket money?
Teaching children the difference between cash and digital money

How to teach your child responsible spending habits


Visit the Beanstalk for more


Protection for unauthorised transactions

It’s important to teach your child about online security and how to protect their accounts. Discover more about staying safe online and check out some tips for families.

We’ll protect you from losses due to unauthorised transactions on personal and business accounts when you take the necessary steps to stay safe online.
We're here to help


Contact us
Message us in the CommBank app or call to connect to the right help.


Message us
Get instant help from our virtual assistant or connect to a specialist.


FAQs
Search support and our most frequently asked questions.


Find a branch
Find a branch, ATM or specialist near you.


Things you should know


As this advice has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs, you should, before acting on this advice, consider its appropriateness to your circumstances. Please view our Financial Services Guide (PDF 68KB). Full terms and conditions for the transaction and savings accounts (PDF | 660KB) mentioned and Electronic Banking are available here or from any branch of the Commonwealth Bank.
The target market for these products will be found within the product’s Target Market Determination, available here.
Mastercard is a registered trademark and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.
