Banking

            
                 / 
            
            
Streamline Basic account
Streamline Basic


An everyday bank account for health care or pensioner concession card holders.
Apply at your nearest branch.
Features & benefits
                    

                        Easy banking
                    

                        Rates & fees
                    

                        How to apply
                    

                        Tools & Support
                    

Find nearest branch


Features & benefits


Easy ways to access your money
Accessing your money is easy with our extensive ATM and branch network across Australia.


24/7 banking
Bank anywhere and at any time over the phone, with our CommBank app and in NetBank – Australia’s award-winning online bank*.


No monthly account fee
There's a $0 monthly fee for eligible customers, so you have more in your pocket for other things in life.


Easy banking


Make unlimited free electronic transactions1
Through CommBank and BankWest ATMs, EFTPOS and internet transactions. You can also make unlimited branch and phone assisted withdrawals.1


Conveniently pay bills

You can use BPAY®, set up direct debits, manage payments using PayTo and automate regular bill payments with your service providers.


Shop using your own money
Choose a Debit Mastercard® to pay with your own money online, over the phone or overseas.2
Secure, cashless payments are now possible using your compatible phone or wearable. See how.


Tap & Go at the checkout
Use your Debit Mastercard to make fast contactless payments at participating merchants, worldwide.3


Rates & Fees

We'll waive your monthly account fee if you have one of the following Commonwealth of Australia concession cards:

Commonwealth Seniors Health card
Pensioner Concession card
Health Care card 

You also need to make sure your government pension or payments are paid into this account.
The rates and fees that apply to an Everyday Smart Access also apply to Streamline Basic accounts, with the exception of the following:


        Rate / fee

    
        Streamline Basic account

    
Monthly account fee


Nil


Electronic withdrawals


Unlimited1 free


Assisted withdrawals


Unlimited1 free


Overdraw fee


Nil


Dishonour fee


Nil


Interest rate


n/a - this account does not earn interest


For full details, read the Transaction, Savings and Investment Accounts General Information and Terms and Conditions.


How to apply

Apply in-branch
Streamline Basic is available to anyone with one of the following Commonwealth of Australia concession cards: 

Commonwealth Seniors Health card
Pensioner Concession card
Health Care card

To apply, you’ll need to bring valid ID (e.g. current driver’s licence or passport) to one of our branches if you don’t already bank with us. You’ll also need to bring your eligible physical or digital concession card. You must also have an Australian residential address.
To open a joint account, both applicants must also be 18 years or older.
Ready to apply? Find your nearest branch.
We’ll also ask you about your tax residency (a Government requirement). Here’s why.


Tools & support


Tools

Compare all accounts
Budget planner

Savings calculator 


Guidance

What are pending transactions?

Manage your money online or the CommBank app
How to transfer money overseas


FAQs

How do I make a payment through the CommBank app?
How do I update my contact details?
How long does it take to transfer money?
We can help


Your questions answered


Contact us


Visit your nearest branch


Things you should know


* Canstar Digital Banking - Bank of the Year Award 2023
1 Excludes non-Commonwealth Bank ATMs here and all ATMs overseas, EFTPOS  and Debit MasterCard transactions overseas (or purchases involving currency conversion), transfer group payments to third parties, International Money Transfers and separate services such as bank cheques, periodic payments and transfers/deposits to other banks. Access fees apply on all ATM and EFTPOS transactions overseas or involving a currency conversion. Other fees and charges may apply

 2 You’ll also be able to access your money anywhere MasterCard is accepted, at over 35 million locations worldwide (access fees may apply)

 3 For in-store purchases under $100. Fees may apply.


The target market for these products will be found within the product’s Target Market Determination, available here.
Services not available with Streamline Basic include cheque books, overdrawing or formal overdraft facilities. If you switch to a Streamline Basic account from another CommBank account which allows cheque book access and you’ve been using that facility to access your account, we may permit you to continue using your cheque book to access your Streamline Basic account until you use all of the cheques in that cheque book. Then, cheque access will no longer be available for the new account.
The advice on this website has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs. Because of that, you should, before acting on the advice, consider its appropriateness to your circumstances. Please view our Financial Services Guide (PDF). Full terms and conditions for Transaction, Savings and Investment Accounts and Electronic Banking are available here 
or from any branch of the Commonwealth Bank.
