This Article discuss about: SurePay
Credit cards

            
                 / 
            
            
                Manage and control your credit card

            
                 / 
            
            
SurePay instalment plans
SurePay instalment plans


Take control of your credit card repayments and break down a credit card purchase or balance into fixed monthly instalments over a set term.
Features & benefits
                    

                        How it works
                    

                        Interest & your balance
                    

                        Setting up a plan
                    

Set up in NetBank


Features & benefits


Break down purchases or your balance
Break down a purchase or your credit card balance. You choose the amount you’d like to pay off based on the term and how much you can afford each month.


Flexible access
We know that your circumstances can change.  At any time, you can cancel or pay off your plan early.   


Freedom to have multiple plans
You can have up to 50 active plans at a time, on each eligible credit card. No additional credit checks are required.


How SurePay works


Choose from 3 types of plans


Card purchase: To pay off a one-off purchase of $100 or more, made in the last 14 days with a 0% p.a. interest rate.*
The following fees apply:

2% for 3 month plans
3% for 6 month plans
5% for 12 month plans

The minimum transaction amount per term is: 

$100 for 3 months
$150 for 6 months 
$300 for 12 months

Examples of purchase plans include annual insurances or utilities, home items like furniture and white goods, electronics and unexpected expenses.
Card balance: To pay off all or part of your card balance of $600 or more within a set time. Excludes cash advances, balance transfers and existing instalment plan balances.
Cash advance balance: To pay off all or part of your cash advance balance of $600 or more within a set time. Cash advance transactions include ATM withdrawals and transactions considered equivalent to cash e.g. traveller’s cheques.


Select your purchase or balance


You’ll need to choose an eligible purchase or balance to put on a plan.


Select your monthly instalment payment 


Choose the term with the fixed monthly instalment that best suits you. 


Start your monthly payments


All the details of your plan including your monthly instalment amount and due date, will be shown on your next monthly statement after you set up a plan. This includes your new payment options and a summary of your plan progress. You can also track your progress any time in NetBank or the CommBank app.
You’ll be asked to make your SurePay monthly instalment payment/s on your regular statement due date each month.


Missed payments and cancelled plans


If you miss a monthly instalment payment, the unpaid instalment amount for that month will be returned to your main balance and you’ll be charged interest at the standard purchase/cash advance rate. If you cancel a plan, this will also apply to any outstanding balance.
Effective 8 November 2023, if you fail to make your required monthly instalments on your SurePay instalment plan for three consecutive months, we’ll cancel the SurePay instalment plan. Any remaining SurePay instalment balance and any interest on the cancelled plan will be transferred to your purchase balance (or cash advance plan) and will be payable at the card purchase interest rate (or cash advance interest rate for cash advance plans). 
Remember: when you set up an instalment plan you'll still need to meet your current and future monthly minimum payments.


Interest & your payments


How interest works with SurePay

The interest rate will be fixed for the full term of the plan
Any interest-free period on purchases will no longer apply to the purchase or balance you transfer to the SurePay plan
You may still be eligible for interest free periods on purchases not in a plan if each month, you pay off all non-instalment balances plus your monthly instalment payment/s by the due date each month.

Learn more about interest free periods


SurePay payments
When you have a SurePay instalment plan, your payments to your credit card will be applied as follows:

Current monthly instalment payment/s (if you have multiple plans payments are applied from highest to lowest interest rate, if interest rates are the same on all plans from oldest to newest)  
Cash advance balances (if applicable) 
Purchase balances 
Other balances such as balance transfers (if applicable) 
The next monthly instalment for any remaining instalment balances.

This means that your current monthly instalment payments are always paid first, even if you have other balances with higher interest rates (such as cash advances or purchases not in a plan). If this no longer suits you, you may cancel your plan at any time. 
Learn more about how credit card payments are applied


Setting up a plan

SurePay is available on eligible personal credit cards and Business Awards cards.
To set up a plan:

In NetBank go to Settings > Set up/manage SurePay plan
In the CommBank app go to Accounts > Credit card account > Manage account > SurePay plans 

Alternatively, call us on 13 2221, or visit your nearest branch.


Want to find out about the latest offers?


If you’d like to hear about the latest SurePay program offers, you can update your message preferences in NetBank. Simply log on, go to ‘Settings’, select ‘Message preferences’, and opt in to receive direct marketing offers under ‘Special offers, products & offers’. 

Log on to NetBank
Things you should know


You won't be able to apply for an instalment plan if you don't meet our criteria (e.g. if you have exceeded your limit or you are in default). Instalment plans are not available on CommBank Neo, non-Awards Business Cards, corporate cards or balance transfers.  The terms of the CommBank Credit Card Conditions of Use relating to instalment plans (section 5) will apply.
While you have an instalment plan, we apply your credit card payments first to your current monthly instalments. This will apply even when you have other card balances with a higher interest rate, such as cash advances and purchases not on a plan.
Any interest-free period on purchases will no longer apply once the purchase is put on a plan.
You can cancel your instalment plan at any time. When a cancellation is processed, the outstanding instalment balance will be transferred to your purchases balance (or cash advance balance for cancelled cash advance plans) and accrue interest from the transfer date at the standard purchase or cash interest rate applicable on your account.
If you miss a monthly instalment payment, the unpaid instalment amount for that month will be returned to your main balance and charged interest at the standard purchase/cash advance rate. If you cancel a plan this will also apply to any outstanding balance.
Effective 8 November 2023, if you fail to make your monthly instalments on your SurePay instalment plan for three consecutive months, we’ll cancel the SurePay instalment plan. Any remaining SurePay instalment balance and any interest on the cancelled plan will be transferred to your purchase balance (or cash advance plan) and will be payable at the card purchase interest rate (or cash advance interest rate for cash advance plans).
*SurePay Purchase Plan terms and conditions
1. To pay off a one-off purchase of $100 or more, made in the last 14 days with a 0% p.a. interest rate for a fee of 2% for 3 month plans, 3% for 6 month plans and 5% for 12 month plans.
2. Minimum transaction amount per term: $100 for 3 months, $150 for 6 months and $300 for 12 months.
3. Your monthly plan repayment is calculated by dividing the total plan amount (including the set-up fee), by the number of months in the plan term. The set-up fee is included as part of your first Monthly Instalment Payment, and when you make your first repayment, the repayment will be used first towards paying off the set-up fee, then towards the purchase amount. The fee is non-refundable if you cancel or pay off your plan early.
4. The 0% p.a. interest rate is only available for ‘Card purchase plans’ and not ‘Card balance plans’ or ‘Cash advance balance plans’.
Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945.
