hhThis Article discuss about: Term Deposits
Banking

            
                 / 
            
            
Term Deposits
Term Deposits 


Feel confident knowing exactly how much your money will earn. Lock-in a competitive interest rate from as short as 1 month to as long as 5 years.
Features & benefits
                    

                        Rates & fees
                    

                        How to apply
                    

                        Keep track
                    

                        At maturity
                    

                        Tools & support
                    

Open online


Close
×


Already a customer banking online with us?

Save time by using your NetBank details.


Open in NetBank


                        or
                    

New customer or don't bank online with us?

Call or visit your nearest branch.

Locate us


Special offers


4.75% p.a. for 12 months
Offer available from 23 February 2024 for a limited time only. Conditions apply.*


Features & benefits


Fixed return on your investment
With our Term Deposit, if you don’t need immediate access to these funds you have the security of locking in a fixed rate of return, giving you greater peace of mind.


Choose from a range of terms
You can choose from a range of terms to suit your needs. Anything from 1 month to 5 years. 


Safe and secure
Combined balances of up to $250,000 per account holder are guaranteed and secured by the Australian Government.


Keep track of your investment
View, track and manage your Term Deposit alongside your other accounts in NetBank, CommBiz and the CommBank app.


Help when you need it
We’re Australia’s largest bank, with an extensive branch network across the country, and all phone-based specialists in Australia. We’re here to help you with your investment and your future plans.


Flexible
Once your Term Deposit matures, if you forget to let us know what to do with your investment or you haven’t decided yet, we’ll keep your funds secure in our holding facility for up to six months.


Rates & fees

Some of our most popular rates


        Term

    
Interest rate for $5,000 to $49,999


Interest rate for $50,000 to $1,999,999


        Interest paid

    
3 months 


3.45% p.a.


3.50% p.a.


At the end of the term


6 months 


3.70% p.a.


3.75% p.a.


At the end of the term


12 months


4.25% p.a.


4.25% p.a.


Annually


24 - 33 months


3.95% p.a.


4.00% p.a.


Annually


60 months


3.95% p.a.


4.00% p.a.


Annually


The above Term Deposit rates are available online and in branch for customers with a maximum limit of $1,999,999 per customer. For amounts greater than $1,999,999 or to open Business Term Deposits, please contact any CommBank branch or your relationship manager.
See more Term Deposit rates

If you don't provide instructions, funds will automatically be placed in the Term Deposit holding facility as a default. Holding facility earns a fixed interest rate, which may be lower than the rate offered for a fixed term. 
Latest rates as of 23 February 2024. Interest rates on offer may vary at any time without notice.
Fees & Charges
There are no set up or establishment fees.
If you want to withdraw your Term Deposit before it matures you’ll need to give us 31 days' notice. You may incur a prepayment interest adjustment and administration fee.


How to apply online


You can open a Term Deposit online under a personal or Self-Managed Super Fund (SMSF) name. To do so, you need to be 18 years or over and have: 

A minimum deposit of $5,000 (call or visit your nearest branch for investments $2,000,000 and over)
An Australian residential address
An existing NetBank ID and CommBank account in your name. You’ll use this account to transfer money across to open your Term Deposit
Your Tax File Number (TFN) or TFN exemption handy. You don’t have to provide your TFN or exemption to your Term Deposit but, by law, we have to withhold tax if you choose not to
If you're an SMSF customer, you’ll need your ABN. To get an exemption from withholding tax, you’ll need to provide your TFN or TFN exemption separately by contacting us


For joint accounts:


To open a joint account, please visit your nearest branch together


Open online


Close
×


Already a customer banking online with us?

Save time by using your NetBank details.


Open in NetBank


                        or
                    

New customer or don't bank online with us?

Call or visit your nearest branch.

Locate us


If you're a new customer or you'd like to invest more, contact us or visit a branch


Easy to keep track

Manage online and on the go
See, track and manage your Term Deposit alongside your other accounts in NetBank, CommBiz and the CommBank app.
Provide maturity instructions


Know what you’re earning
The fixed rate of return means you’ll always know what your investment’s worth and can plan how to use the interest earned.


Opt-in for free maturity alerts and e-notices
Opt in for alerts and we’ll send you an email or SMS a week before your Term Deposit matures – so you never miss your maturity date. 
Opt in for e-notices and replace the clutter of paper notices. Look back at old notices in NetBank and we’ll email you when a new one is available.


Options at maturity


Renewal
Proactively renew your Term Deposit for another term to immediately lock in a new interest rate. You can also top it up with additional funds or withdraw a portion of your Term Deposit. 


Full withdrawal
Withdraw all of your investment including the interest you’ve earned.


Place in Holding Facility
Place your money in our Holding Facility while you decide what to do.
If you don’t provide instructions to us, your money will be placed in our Holding Facility until you let us know what you want to do.
Your money will continue to earn a variable interest rate that’s paid weekly.


Let us know your maturity instructions
You don’t need to visit us at a branch or call us to let us know what you’d like to do when your Term Deposit matures. Simply let us know your maturity instructions through NetBank. 
Watch how to manage your Term Deposit maturity in NetBank (opens in YouTube).

Discover more


Tools & support


Tools & calculators


Term Deposit rates
Compare our savings accounts
Savings calculator


Guidance

Term Deposits and interest rates: what does it mean?
Term Deposit maturing? 5 things to know
Term Deposits and your business


FAQs

How do I adjust my Term Deposit?

What happens when my Term Deposit matures?
How do I know when my Term Deposit is due to mature?


See all Term Deposit FAQs


Not sure if this is the right account for you?


See all savings accounts
We're here to help


Contact us
Message us in the CommBank app or call to connect to the right help.


Message us
Get instant help from our virtual assistant or connect to a specialist.


FAQs
Search support and our most frequently asked questions.


Find a branch
Find a branch, ATM or specialist near you.


Things you should know


* Available on balances from $5,000 to $1,999,999 with interest paid annually.
Special Offers are available on Term Deposits opened or renewed by personal or Self-Managed Super Fund (SMSF) customers only. The offer is not available to all other Business customers (including Financial Institutions). Personal and SMSF customers can access this special offer online via NetBank and the CommBank App, or visit their nearest branch. Renewing Personal and SMSF Term Deposit customers can also call 13 2221.
The target market for this product will be found within the product’s Target Market Determination, available here.
This information has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs.  You should, before acting on this, consider the appropriateness of the product to your circumstances.
General Information and Terms and Conditions for Term Deposits and Electronic Banking are available here or from any branch of the Commonwealth Bank. Please view our Financial Services Guide (PDF68KB).

Interest rates on offer may vary at any time without notice.
