This Article discuss about: top 5 products of CommonWealth
Banking

            
                 / 
            
            
Making the most of your products
Making the most of your products


The top five things you should know about your bank accounts, credit cards and loans.
Bank accounts
                    

                        Credit cards
                    

                        Personal loans
                    

                        Home loans
                    

Top 5 things to know when managing your bank accounts

For more information read the CommBank Transaction, Savings and Investment Account Terms and Conditions.


View all bank accounts


Protect your accounts


Advise us immediately if your card, cheque book or passbook is lost or stolen, or you think someone else knows your PIN, password or has used your account. Otherwise, you may be responsible for any financial losses.

Sign the back of your card as soon as you get it
Memorise your PIN or password, then destroy or delete it
Destroy old or unused cards
Regularly change your PIN


Tell me more


Some transactions take time


When money is deposited into your account, you may have to wait for it to become available. For example, we may place a hold on funds when:

Someone puts money in your account
You deposit a cheque
You make a deposit at a post office where the transaction cannot be processed electronically


Tell me more


Overdrawn accounts


At times, your account may fall below zero. For example:

Where we decide to honour a direct debit, a PayTo payment, a scheduled BPAY payment, a purchase using a card linked to your account or a cheque
When a pending direct debit or cheque transaction that we ultimately decline has caused the available funds in your account to fall below zero, and we honour another direct debit or cheque that was made the same day as the declined transaction
When a card purchase doesn’t require or seek our authorisation, systems are unavailable or a merchant settles a transaction late

If this happens, you must pay back the overdrawn amount immediately, and you may be charged an overdraw fee and interest (if applicable to your account).
You can switch off the overdraw feature any time in NetBank and the CommBank app in your account settings. 


Assisted withdrawal fees


For some accounts we charge an assisted withdrawal fee of $3 when you take money out:

At a CommBank branch, post office or agency
With telephone banking if using an operator
By cashing a cheque


Show me more


Interest & bonus interest


Depending on your account type, we pay interest and bonus interest on the daily positive closing balance.
If you have a GoalSaver account, you can earn bonus interest if you:

Make a deposit each calendar month into your account, and
Have a higher account balance at the end of the month compared to the account balance at the start of the month (excluding interest and bank-initiated transactions)


Show me more


Top 5 things to know when managing your credit card

For more information read the Credit Cards Conditions of Use and Standard Fees and Charges.


See all credit cards


Understand how interest works


Avoiding credit card interest is easy when you know how. Simply pay the total amount owing (closing balance) – not the minimum repayment amount – by the payment due date each month.


Tell me more


Stay on top of your repayments 


If you miss a monthly payment, you’ll be charged a fee. Plus, you’ll be charged interest on all purchases you make in that statement period, as well as any outstanding purchases from previous periods.
To keep up with your payments, you can set up AutoPay in the CommBank app or NetBank to make an automatic payment to your credit card each month.


Tell me more

Set up Autopay


Know your limit


Keep within your credit card limit to ensure that your purchases are not declined. And if your account was opened after 1 July 2012 you’ll steer clear of overlimit fees.

You can even put a spending cap on your card to help you stay in control of your spending. It’s easy to set up through the CommBank app or NetBank – and you can remove the cap at any time. 


Tell me more

Set a spending cap


Avoid certain transactions


Some transactions – like cash withdrawals and gambling transactions – have extra charges associated with them. A cash advance fee and a higher interest rate will apply. What’s more, these types of transactions don’t have an interest-free period. To avoid any surprises, it’s a good idea to find out which types of transactions come with extra charges. 
Avoiding fees by blocking ATM cash advances on your card is easy to do with the CommBank app or NetBank.


Tell me more

Block ATM cash advances


Keep an eye on international transactions


Your credit card makes international transactions a breeze, whether you’re shopping online or heading overseas on holidays. But it’s important to remember that these transactions can also attract extra fees. For instance, you may be charged an international transaction fee to convert a foreign currency to Australian dollars – and you may not even realise until you see your statement.
One way to reduce these fees is to set up a lock on overseas transactions. It’s easy to do via the CommBank app or NetBank – and you can turn it off whenever you like.


Tell me more

 Lock your card


Top 5 things to know when managing your personal loan

For more information read the Personal Loans Terms and Conditions.


View all personal loans


Reduce your loan faster with higher automated repayments


You can choose a direct debit repayment frequency that suits your financial situation – for example, if your income is paid weekly or fortnightly.
Making your repayments more frequently and setting a higher regular direct debit amount helps reduce your interest charges so you can pay off your loan faster. 
To set up direct debit, simply visit your local branch.


Tell me more


Avoid fees


If your repayment is overdue by five or more business days, you’ll be charged a $20 late payment fee. You can avoid this fee by keeping track of your repayment due date via CommBank app or NetBank.
If you set up a direct debit, your loan repayments will come out of your account automatically. That way, the only thing you need to do is make sure there’s enough money in your account to cover each repayment.
To set up direct debit, simply visit your local branch.


Make extra repayments when you can


You can reduce the life of your loan by paying more than the minimum repayment amount. Every bit extra you put into you loan helps to reduce the balance and the amount of interest you need to pay.
But with certain loans, you may incur additional costs if you repay more than your annual limit or pay off your loan early.


Tell me more


Take advantage of the redraw facility


If you have a Variable Rate Loan, any additional repayments you make will reduce the balance of your loan faster. What’s more, you can redraw money from your available balance if you need to access some additional funds.
There’s a $10 fee if you redraw in branch, but there’s no fee if you use the CommBank app or NetBank.


Tell me more


Avoid an Early Repayment Adjustment 


While it’s good to pay off your loan as soon as possible, you need to be mindful if you have a Fixed Rate Loan or a Secured Personal Loan.
If you have one of these loans, you may be charged an Early Repayment Adjustment (ERA) if you:

repay your loan in full before the end of the loan term
make extra repayments (above your minimum repayment) of more than $1000 per year.

The ERA is calculated based on current interest rates, the size of your loan and the amount you’ve repaid above the minimum repayment amount. 


Top 5 things to know when managing your home loan


See all home loans


Principal & interest repayments


By making principal and interest repayments rather than interest-only payments, you’ll:

pay less interest and make lower average repayments over the life of the loan
be charged a lower interest rate in most cases
avoid or reduce higher repayments when an interest-only period ends

This is because your principal and interest repayments may be higher at the end of an interest-only period than they would be if your loan didn’t have an interest-only period. 


Tell me more


Choose a repayment frequency


You can choose monthly, fortnightly or weekly repayments to suit your needs – for example, if your income is paid weekly or fortnightly. Changing you repayment frequency to match may help you manage your finances more effectively.


Change in NetBank


Make additional repayments when you can


The sooner you pay off your home loan, the less interest you’ll pay in the long run.
So if you find yourself with some extra cash – for instance, if you receive a bonus from work – why not make it work for your loan?
By building the equity in your home this way, you’ll be in a better position if you want to do things in the future like renovate or invest.


Tell me more


Take advantage of an offset account


An Everyday Offset is a transaction account linked to your Standard Variable Rate home loan or investment home loan. Any money you put into your Everyday Offset reduces the balance on which we charge interest. This means you’ll only be paying interest on the difference. 
The Everyday Offset account must be in the same name(s) as the borrowers on the home loan and you can open an Everyday Offset account in your name or jointly with your co-borrower(s). You do not earn interest on the balance in your Everyday Offset account, even if it exceeds the balance of your home loan.


Tell me more


Avoid an Early Repayment Adjustment 


If you break the terms of a fixed or guaranteed rate loan, you may be charged an Administrative Fee and an Early Repayment Adjustment – which could cost you thousands. This can happen if you:

pay off the loan in full
repay more than $10,000 in any year of your fixed rate loan
switch to another loan
top up your loan
sell your property

Speak to a CommBank home loan specialist before making any changes to your loan. 


Tell me more
We can help


Your questions answered


Contact us for Australian based support


Visit your nearest branch


Things you should know


The target market for these products will be found within the product’s Target Market Determination, available here.
