This Article discuss about: Youthsaver
Banking

            
                 / 
            
            
Youthsaver account
Youthsaver


Designed to help teach under 18s how to save, our Youthsaver account offers bonus interest for reaching saving goals.
Features & benefits
                    

                        Interest rates & fees
                    

                        Who can apply?
                    

                        How to apply
                    

                        Tools & support
                    

Open now


Close
×


Already a customer banking online with us?

Save time by using your NetBank details.


Open in NetBank


                        or
                    

New customer or don't bank online with us?

Open now


Featured rate


5.00% p.a. total variable rate when you grow your balance (excluding interest and transactions initiated by the Bank) each calendar month on balances up to and including $50,000


2.60% p.a. standard variable rate
2.40% p.a. bonus variable rate when the above criteria is met

For the portion of the balance over $50,000 and/or if the bonus criteria isn't met, the standard variable rate will apply.


Features & benefits


No account fees
There are no monthly account or withdrawal fees on our Youthsaver account.


Immediate access options
Manage online with the NetBank and the CommBank app (over 14s or parents).


Bonus interest for growing your savings
Earn bonus interest when you grow your savings balance each calendar month (excluding interest and transactions initiated by the Bank).


Interest rates

All rates shown are per annum.


        Balance

    
        Standard variable interest1


        Bonus variable interest1


        With bonus variable interest

    
Up to and including $50,000


2.60% p.a.


2.40% p.a.


5.00% p.a.


Over $50,000


2.60% p.a.


0.00% p.a.


2.60% p.a.


How to qualify for bonus variable interest:
 

Make at least one deposit of any amount into your account in the calendar month; and
Have a higher account balance at the end of the calendar month than at the start of the calendar month. If you withdraw from your account, deposit more money than you withdrew in the calendar month. 

For bonus interest eligibility purposes, transactions initiated by the Bank are excluded, such as:  

Interest paid into your account do not count as deposits;
Bank or government fees and charges on this account do not count as withdrawals.


Fees


Fee


Fee AUD


Description


Monthly account fee


$0


No monthly fees


Assisted withdrawal fee


$0


All assisted withdrawals in a branch or through telephone banking


Paper statement fee


$0


When you ask us to give you an additional account statement outside the standard cycle


Who can apply?


Children under 14
Children under 14 with an Australian residential address can apply for a Youthsaver account – they’ll need a parent or legal guardian to open the account on their behalf online or at a branch.


14 to 17-year-olds
If you’re aged 14 to 17 and have an Australian residential address, you can apply for a Youthsaver account at your nearest branch. 


How to apply


Online
For children under 14
A parent or legal guardian can open a Youthsaver account online for a child under 14.
You’ll need:

At least one form of ID for you (e.g. current driver’s licence or passport, if you don’t already bank with us) and one for your child (e.g. birth certificate or passport)

You'll need to provide ID for verification for yourself and your child within 20 days of opening the account or the account may automatically close. You can reapply at any CommBank branch. You’ll need to bring physical ID as we do not accept digital forms of ID


You and your child’s tax residency and TFN (if applicable) details


Open now


Close
×


Already a customer banking online with us?

Save time by using your NetBank details.


Open in NetBank


                        or
                    

New customer or don't bank online with us?

Open now


In-branch
For children under 14
A parent or legal guardian can also open a Youthsaver account for a child under 14 at a branch.
You’ll need:

Your child’s birth certificate or a court order to identify you as a parent or legal guardian of the child; AND
At least one form of ID for you (e.g. current driver’s licence or passport) and one for your child2 (e.g. birth certificate or passport)
Your child’s tax residency and TFN (if applicable) details

For 14 to 17-year-olds
If you’re aged 14 to 17, you can open a Youthsaver account yourself.
You’ll need:

At least one form of ID (e.g. birth certificate, driver’s licence or passport)
Your tax residency and TFN (if applicable) details


Find your nearest branch


Support


Tools 


Tips and videos for parents to teach children about money at The Beanstalk

Compare our savings accounts


Related Products

Smart Access for Youth – Everyday transaction account for under 14s
NetBank Saver account (14+)


Guidance

Should you give your children pocket money?
Teaching children the difference between cash and digital money

Setting savings goals with your teen


Visit the Beanstalk for more
We're here to help


Contact us
Message us in the CommBank app or call to connect to the right help.


Message us
Get instant help from our virtual assistant or connect to a specialist.


FAQs
Search support and our most frequently asked questions.


Find a branch
Find a branch, ATM or specialist near you.


Things you should know


1 Interest is calculated daily and paid monthly. Rates effective 17 November 2023 but subject to change.

2 Please check the list of acceptable documents here. If you are applying or finalising applications in branch, please bring your child’s birth certificate or a court order to identify you as a parent or legal guardian.
The target market for this product will be found within the product’s Target Market Determination, available here.
The advice on this website has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs. Because of that, you should, before action on the advice, consider its appropriateness to your circumstances. Please view our Financial Services Guide (PDF). Full terms and conditions for the transaction and savings accounts mentioned (PDF) and Electronic Banking (PDF) are available here or from any branch of the Commonwealth Bank. Other fees and charges may apply.
